hello youtube people, how are you?
I'm here today bringing a tutorial
as a heart attack in 3 totally abu
in Portuguese or who you're not
needing three programs patarra
are before the game I'll leave
programs in the video description for you
you can download and install in your
computer
the Flemish of them very simple is not like
any other program
You may be installing there.
usually it was a game so let's go
I'm going to tell you not to
three programs here because
the gang to der rode the torrent
in a rare one is needed
I just thought yesterday to believe I'm
in this game
here you through the video description
The game is yes you are downloading there
yesterday it was the ace be accurate
who is the program all too
normally very easy to install answered
and let's go there at the top turi at first
You get the game's ace that was
here because the right side of the
mouse and share
beauty will open the game here
beauty, I came here on the team, I rode
two click on it will open there beauty
street in June and add a discussion
virtual
here where you will be doing the
image of the game neymar may download
usually montal you look for the game
here in your computer's directory
he was saved from the attack and opened
30 in it the value of the game and open folder
to open all files
of the file iso the file image has
that
sims 3 signed up beauty game
depending on what you think
better, my Brazilian Portuguese gives a
ok it will open the game state here
click on forward movie again a
language of your game
ours has a lot at stake you may be
arranging there what you think best
people prefer only who my uncle
Brazil Brazil plays right there and then
to advance
those max the box that I accept the
terms of license agreement
6 click here to be able to release
forward key because the guys there
A close posting here requested a serial
killer is a cereal is inside the folder
of the game where you download
let's get the game's ace
had the actress remembered she is and if
this text here
in April he and covered a serial killer
in and close to close
also in this field places the home are
pasting cereal took the people can come
here and to advance here will open the last
chance of the game
written please I chose one type of
installation in that typical situation and the
custom sell now stands
typical and advance and is in the game
Here young it will take about a
16 7 minutes because of the money
Okay, just wait and wait until you have
Can I come back?
Ok I went back here, finished the game.
huh
his situation now you take
uncheck the box forward that
also gives a content is basically
The game is now ending on
game cracker folder
I let you in the key and open the folder
come here crack two items in here
Sorry both come here in your game.
the game opened the asset
the game directory who is good it
the two were the stars for all
conflicts and copy that overwrite click
on here
beauty only late game installed in
ps3 crack there
there mouse right send to area
of work
Ok you can close it here you see here
in the meeting before coming here click
on top of it there are us and 6 3
and this one you may have excluded
You 're not going to win everything off.
now the game is installed and crack something
ready to play
Okay , I had it in the second video too.
for you there the link of my channel
Youtube and I ask you to
subscribe to the channel to stay connected on
news new videos like this
gunning for you understood and that
I liked the hepato helping in disseminating
also the company continuing with the
of that force to us
who is also leaving the description
my facebook page, google is
betting also new new things
new game play station materials too
a link to games templates too that you guys
portal leandro commenting there is also
downloading to understand a gift is that
It was good people and until the next